Document previewing translations in editor (#11143)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/i18n/internationalizing_games.rst

it is set to a non-empty value. Therefore, it should be set back to an empty value before
committing changes to version control.

> Two, from within the editor go to the top bar and click on :button:`View` on the top bar, then go down to
> :ui:`Preview Translation` and select the language you want to preview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Second, from within the editor, go to the top bar and click on :button:`View`
on the top bar. Go down to :ui:`Preview Translation` and select the language
you want to preview.
```
